This folder contains the code needed for the reproduction of figure 7 in the paper P2="Local Gaussian Cross-Spectrum Analysis" (publised in Econometrics, https://doi.org/10.3390/econometrics11020012).

This is a heatmap-based plot with its corresponding distance based plot, that shows the effect on the estimated local Gaussian Co- and Quad-spectra when the point varies along the diagonal.  This investigates the DAX- and CAC-components of the log-returns of the EuStockMarkets-data.  (The EuStockMarkets contains 1860 daily closing prices collected in the period 1991-1998, from the following four major European stock indices: Germany DAX (Ibis), Switzerland SMI, France CAC, and UK FTSE.  The data was sampled in business time, i.e., weekends and holidays were omitted.)

Note that P2_fig_S3.1 and P2_fig_S3.2 are based on the same data.  The heatmaps- and distance-plots for the individual marginal local Gaussian autospectra are given in P2_fig_S3.1, whereas P2_fig_S3.2 presents the heatmaps for the Amplitude- and Phase-spectra based on the local Gaussian cross-spectrum between the DAX- and CAC-components.  

The file "3_Shiny.R" contains the code that is needed in order to start the interactive shiny-application, which enables the user to see how the resulting local Gaussian spectral densities changes with the different tuning parameters (truncation level, bandwidth, point) that was used in "2_Data.R".

The file "4_Plot.R" contains the code needed for the reproduction of figure 7 in paper P2.  This script will for the specified tuning parameters create the desired plots, adjust them (e.g. having the same scale on all the plots), and then collect the plots in a file that is saved to disk.

NOTE: It is intended that this script can be used as a template for similar investigations.  The interested reader should then be aware of the fact that the code in "2_Data.R" creates a folder with a name that depends on the investigated example, and the name of this folder is needed in the files "3_Shiny.R" and "4_Plot.R".  The present folder-reference in "3_Shiny.R" and "4_Plot.R" is based on the result from "2_Data.R" when it was tested by the developer, and for simulated time series (based on a given seed to the random number generator), it should be the same result that occurs every time the script is used.  It is however not possible to guarantee that the exact same result will occur across different operative systems (or different versions of R), so it might thus happen that some users must perform a minor revision due to this.  This task requires an update of one line of code in the beginning of the respective files.
