This folder contains the code needed for the reproduction of figure S5.7 in the paper P2="Local Gaussian Cross-Spectrum Analysis" (publised in Econometrics, https://doi.org/10.3390/econometrics11020012).

This investigates the log-returns of the EuStockMarkets-data that is contained in the R-package 'datasets'.  This is the "Daily Closing Prices of Major European Stock Indices, 1991-1998", and it contains data from Germany DAX (Ibis), Switzerland SMI, France CAC, and UK FTSE.

The purpose of this plot is to investigate how the block length L (from the adjusted block bootstrap given in P1) affects the estimated pointwise confidence intervals.  Note that the script in "2_Data.R" takes some time to finish.

Note that P2_fig_S5.8 also uses the data computed in this example.

The file "3_Shiny.R" contains the code that is needed in order to start the interactive shiny-application, which enables the user to see how the resulting local Gaussian spectral densities changes with the different tuning parameters (truncation level, bandwidth, point) that was used in "2_Data.R".

The file "4_Plot.R" contains the code needed for the reproduction of figure S5.7 in paper P2.  This script will for the specified tuning parameters create the desired plots, adjust them (e.g. having the same scale on all the plots), and then collect the plots in a file that is saved to disk.

NOTE: It is intended that this script can be used as a template for similar investigations.  The interested reader should then be aware of the fact that the code in "2_Data.R" creates a folder with a name that depends on the investigated example, and the name of this folder is needed in the files "3_Shiny.R" and "4_Plot.R".  The present folder-reference in "3_Shiny.R" and "4_Plot.R" is based on the result from "2_Data.R" when it was tested by the developer, and for simulated time series (based on a given seed to the random number generator), it should be the same result that occurs every time the script is used.  It is however not possible to guarantee that the exact same result will occur across different operative systems (or different versions of R), so it might thus happen that some users must perform a minor revision due to this.  This task requires an update of one line of code in the beginning of the respective files.
