This folder contains the code needed for the reproduction of figure 3 in the paper P2="Nonlinear cross-spectrum analysis via the local Gaussian correlation" (https://arxiv.org/abs/1708.02495).

This builds upon the investigation in P2_fig_02, i.e. it investigates a trivial example based on a bivariate situation with ordinary cosine-functions with a bit of noise added.  The diffference here is that it presents an alternative view where the local Gaussian cross-spectra, for a fixed frequency, is presented directly in the complex plane.  An animation of such plots (as the frequency varies) might be of interest.

There is no "2_Data.R"-file in this folder, use the one in P2_fig_02 instead.  Use the "3_Shiny.R"-file in P2_fig_02 if it is of interest to start the interactive shiny-application, which enables the user to see how the resulting local Gaussian spectral densities changes with the different tuning parameters (truncation level, bandwidth, point) that was used in "2_Data.R".

The file "4_Plot.R" contains the code needed for the reproduction of figure 3 in paper P2.  This script will for the specified tuning parameters create the desired plots, adjust them (e.g. having the same scale on all the plots), and then collect the plots in a file that is saved to disk.

NOTE: It is intended that this script can be used as a template for similar investigations.  The interested reader should then be aware of the fact that the code in "2_Data.R" creates a folder with a name that depends on the investigated example, and the name of this folder is needed in the files "3_Shiny.R" and "4_Plot.R".  The present folder-reference in "3_Shiny.R" and "4_Plot.R" is based on the result from "2_Data.R" when it was tested by the developer, and for simulated time series (based on a given seed to the random number generator), it should be the same result that occurs every time the script is used.  It is however not possible to guarantee that the exact same result will occur across different operative systems (or different versions of R), so it might thus happen that some users must perform a minor revision due to this.  This task requires an update of one line of code in the beginning of the respective files.
