This folder contains the code needed for the reproduction of figure 6 in the paper P2="Local Gaussian Cross-Spectrum Analysis" (publised in Econometrics, https://doi.org/10.3390/econometrics11020012).

This investigates the log-returns of the EuStockMarkets-data that is contained in the R-package 'datasets'.  This is the "Daily Closing Prices of Major European Stock Indices, 1991-1998", and it contains data from Germany DAX (Ibis), Switzerland SMI, France CAC, and UK FTSE. 

The content of this figure is a simple presentation of the pseudo-normalised versions of the logreturns of the DAX and CAC components from the EuStockMarkets-data, whose local Gaussian cross-correlations and cross-spectra respectively are investigated in P2_fig_08 and P2_fig_09.  Note that it is not necessary to compute any local Gaussian correlations for this plot, and there are thus no files "2_Data.R" and "3_Shiny.R" in this folder.

The file "4_Plot.R" contains the code needed for the reproduction of figure 6 in paper P2.  This script will for the specified tuning parameters create the desired plots, adjust them (e.g. having the same scale on all the plots), and then collect the plots in a file that is saved to disk.

NOTE: It is intended that this script can be used as a template for similar investigations.  The interested reader should then be aware of the fact that the code in "2_Data.R" creates a folder with a name that depends on the investigated example, and the name of this folder is needed in the files "3_Shiny.R" and "4_Plot.R".  The present folder-reference in "3_Shiny.R" and "4_Plot.R" is based on the result from "2_Data.R" when it was tested by the developer, and for simulated time series (based on a given seed to the random number generator), it should be the same result that occurs every time the script is used.  It is however not possible to guarantee that the exact same result will occur across different operative systems (or different versions of R), so it might thus happen that some users must perform a minor revision due to this.  This task requires an update of one line of code in the beginning of the respective files.
